Update readme: usage and development sections (#151)
grafana/xk6-output-prometheus-remote: README.md

# xk6-output-prometheus-remote

This extension allows publishing test-run metrics to Prometheus via Remote Write endpoint.

> :warning: Be careful not to confuse this with the [Prometheus Remote Write **client** extension](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-client-prometheus-remote) which is used for load and performance testing of _Prometheus_ itself.

As of k6 v0.42.0, this extension is available within [k6](https://github.com/grafana/k6) as an _experimental module_. This means that the extension is in the process of being fully merged into the core of k6 and doesn't require a special build with [xk6](https://github.com/grafana/xk6) to use this feature.

### Usage

Refer to the [Prometheus remote write guide in the k6 docs](https://k6.io/docs/results-output/real-time/prometheus-remote-write/) to explore the various methods and options for sending k6 metrics to a Prometheus remote-write endpoint. 

### Development

For developing or testing this extension, you can build a k6 binary with the local extension using [xk6](https://github.com/grafana/xk6) with the following steps:

```bash

> xk6 build --with github.com/grafana/xk6-output-prometheus-remote=. 

Reviewer: Is this command building a k6 binary using the files from the main branch in this repo? If yes, would it make sense to update this to say something along the lines of "clone this repository, make changes, and run this command to build a new binary:", and then update the bash example?

Author: This is an advanced case, and requires a few more instructions and context. Then, we either document the entire process (which seems out of the scope) or refer to the primary guides.

In this case:
- shows the core command and try to highlight the simplicity
- refer to the docs

# xk6-output-prometheus-remote

> This extension allows publishing test-run metrics to Prometheus via Remote Write endpoint.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Output extension that allows publishing test-run metrics to Prometheus via Remote Write endpoint.
```

I don't like starting with `this` but maybe @heitortsergent has a better suggestion,

Reviewer: I think I like the original version better tbh... But an alternative if you don't wanna start with `this`, and I agree with that feedback:

"The xk6-output-prometheus-remote extension allows you to publish test-run metrics to Prometheus via Remote Write endpoint."
(repetition isn't always bad)

Another feedback, how about including a link to the [k6 extensions page](https://k6.io/docs/extensions/)? If a user lands in this repository and doesn't know much about k6 extensions, I think that might give them the best explanation of what this is.

Author: https://github.com/grafana/xk6-output-prometheus-remote/pull/151/commits/21a830d8f73b1cc6f571e96226ed2cd9b9355bc1

> :warning: Be careful not to confuse this with the [Prometheus Remote Write **client** extension](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-client-prometheus-remote) which is used for load and performance testing of _Prometheus_ itself.

As of k6 v0.42.0, this extension is available within [k6](https://github.com/grafana/k6) as an _experimental module_. This means that the extension is in the process of being fully merged into the core of k6 and doesn't require a special build with [xk6](https://github.com/grafana/xk6) to use this feature.

### Usage

Refer to the [Prometheus remote write guide in the k6 docs](https://k6.io/docs/results-output/real-time/prometheus-remote-write/) to explore the various methods and options for sending k6 metrics to a Prometheus remote-write endpoint. 

### Development

For developing or testing this extension, you can build a k6 binary with the local extension using [xk6](https://github.com/grafana/xk6) with the following steps:

```bash

> cd xk6-output-prometheus-remote 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
It seems pretty obvious
